Update install.rst (#324)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/install.rst

You can tell PyGMT exactly where to look for ``libgmt`` by setting the
``GMT_LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variable.

> This should be set to the directory where ``libgmt.so`` (or ``.dylib``) is found 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be set to the directory where ``libgmt.so``, ``libgmt.dylib`` or ``gmt.dll``
can be found for Linux, MacOS and Windows respectively.
```

e.g. in a terminal run::
   

>    export GMT_LIBRARY_PATH='"YOUR_PATH_TO_GMT6"/lib'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   export GMT_LIBRARY_PATH=$HOME/anaconda3/envs/pygmt/lib
```
